New Life on Venus
From: Venus immigration agency, 10/8/2224 SST
The Inner Systems
Come to lovely Venus with its great sky cities like Vaccos, and Tenebra!
50 kilometers over the surface of Venus is the best place to live in the System.
No better place to raise a family than the sunny, warm days in the Vaccos suburbs.
Come today and reserve a high in demand home. People come every day; space is running out!
Come today!
<->
New Mirror Project in Ganymede orbit
From: Jovian Progress and Peoples Council, 10/3/2224 SST.
Jovian System
A new mega project is being built in orbit of IO. This project is meant to alter the local day length.
The mirror is also meant to warm the surface to a more bearable temperature in preparation for larger
terraforming projects. Our largest moon will soon be provided with adequate power to run large refineries
making Ganymede the core of the settled system's manufacturing capabilities. This is only our first step
towards greatness for the Jovian system, more projects on the way. Гарного вам дня
<->
Work on the Moon; What you need to know
From The Luna Post, Shackleton, 10/2/2224 SST
Terran System
The Moon is the fastest growing sector in the settled systems, good work being the primary reason for that.
The Space Docks all throughout the Terran system consume the vast majority of our mined and manufactured materials.
To power The Terran military we must mine, and process more! The Democratic United System is providing pools of
YenDollars to anyone who wants to move to The Moon and start your own company or work for the big three,
Southern NewPeru Mining, Saudi Refco, and Yamato Tritium. The big three are great employers with high wages and
safe work conditions compared to IO and Belt mining and refining. If your more into manufacturing then Hanwha Space
provides great vessel construction in Lunar orbit. They produce 40% of all the ships in the Terran system and 20% in all
the settled systems. If you want to help our great military, then Lockheed X Martin could be your best bet. You can commute
from The Moon to GEO every month or so. Its a little distant, but it makes the best money on luna except for Yamato Tritium atomic
engineers. Overall, there are many opportunities on The Moon in the Terran System so join us pushing the DUS forward!
<->
Jovian Migration and its Consequences, What now?
From The Luna Post, Shackleton, 11/2/2225 SST
Terran System
Do you know a friend or family member that has moved to the Jovian system? I certainly do, my brother was one of them.
1 out of every 20 people today say they are interested in moving to the Jovian System.
Job security and a bright new future is what they say is their reason, especially with the new Mirror in Ganymede orbit.
The Jovian Progress and Peoples Council claim that they days are now the same or even similar to our
Earth’s. Personally, I don’t think it is a great idea to go all the way out there into the cold, even if there are jobs.
There have been claims that life has been found under those massive ice sheets across the Jovian systems.
With life down there, I wouldn’t even get as close as Belt Sector AA-0 to the Jovian system. And on top of that!
The massive projects they are building out there… They are building an entire city from the ground up on Ganymede, where the shade creates the most Earth like day cycle.
I have been told that the city is planned to hold upwards of 50 million.
There are only 25 million in the entire Jovian system and most are scattered across the system!
The council says it wants to become the center of the settled systems, so that makes them our natural enemies. So all you wayward Tarrinian’s, don’t fall for the Jovian’s promise of fortune!

Will you be in the path of construction? Read to know!
The Malas Tribune, Malas Valles Marineris
Belt Sector AA-0, Mars
The Great Dome was started nearly 200 years ago, and until recently stretched across Valles Marineris from
Tithonium in the West to Cansi in the East. This project was the Greatest structure of the early settling days of humanity.
Today, 80 million Martians live under its protective shell, but soon the Mars Federal Government will be
Funding an expansion of the dome to the east and almost to the northern lowlands. This will allow an estimated 20 million
New Martian settlers to move to Valles Marineris. The Economic growth brought on by such a project is estimated to be around 30%.
The UMCC (The Unified Martian Construction Company) will head the project and the Trojan Belt Confederacy has already pledged to supply 50% of the materials,
And UMEC (The Unified Martian Extraction Company) supplying the next 30% with the last 20% from groups near and far.
If you are in the path of construction, then we will pay for your land at current market rate.
You will be remembered for your sacrifice to our great land by your name being placed In the Federal Archive.
Thank you for your time.
<->
Expeditions from Pluto
Pluto 2 Expedition, 5/22/2224
Kuiper Belt: undetermined Sector
Year 9: We have just landed on the North side of Pluto with its moon Charon, its largest, right above us.
We left Ganymede 9 years ago and now just reached this dark place. We were able to get a HAB set up on the surface. We have started to mine ice and run our fission reactor.
Its too dark out here to use solar panels, the sun is only a spot in the sky, solar panels wouldn’t do well way out here.
Our goal is to create a refueling outpost in orbit, moving refined fuel from the surface to orbit.
We have around 500 people onboard many children and family members of the Council, so we have a very knowledgeable crew, success is near!
Our timelines out here are in decades, we should be able to have everything set up in 30 years or so, we will be ready for the rise of The Jovian System.
Have a nice day.
Excerpt from the Expanse Plan, Translated by Anzhela Stoliar, Ganymede, Jovian System.
<->

